Admin sync repos #18186 keichwa (#1609)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/custom-channels.adoc

. Assign your new repository to your custom channel by navigating to menu:Software[Manage > Channels], clicking the name of your newly created custom channel, and navigating to the [guimenu]``Repositories`` tab.
. Ensure the repository you want to assign to the channel is checked, and click btn:[Update Repositories].
. Navigate to the [guimenu]``Sync`` tab and click btn:[Sync Now] to synchronize immediately.

[NOTE]
====
You can also set an automated synchronization schedule on this [guimenu]``Repositories`` tab.

> To avoid missing importants updates {suse} recommends to configure a [guimenu]``Schedule`` to syncronize regularly.

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid missing important updates {suse} recommends to configure a [guimenu]``Schedule`` to synchronize regularly.
```
